Updating the main Readme.md (#50)
microsoft/MSBuildForUnity: README.md

# MSBuildForUnity

> MSBuildForUnity solves the problem of establishing a clear dependency relationships between Unity project and other .NET components such as external (to Unity) C# projects, or NuGet packages. It creates a familiar to .NET developers project structure and ensures that the dependencies are resolves and brought into the Unity project as appropriate. With this component, you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MSBuildForUnity solves the problem of establishing a clear dependency relationship between Unity projects and other .NET components such as external (to Unity) C# projects, or NuGet packages. It creates a familiar to .NET developers project structure and ensures that the dependencies are resolved and brought into the Unity project as appropriate. With this component, you can:
```

Author: I feel we could go either way, I will choose single "Unity project" and it's numerous (possibly different types) "dependency relationships"

> MSBuildForUnity solves the problem of establishing a clear dependency relationships between Unity project and other .NET components such as external (to Unity) C# projects, or NuGet packages. It creates a familiar to .NET developers project structure and ensures that the dependencies are resolves and brought into the Unity project as appropriate. With this component, you can:

Reviewer 2: "resolve**s**" should be "resolve**d**"

Reviewer: This is fixed in #35
